chore: update readme to describe additional step for building registry (#983)
redhat-developer/devspaces: dependencies/che-devfile-registry/README.md

Note that the Dockerfiles in this repository utilize multi-stage builds, so Docker version 17.05 or higher is required.

> In case the devfile registry is going to be used in a specific DevSpaces version, such as 3.x, before building, it is necessary to switch to the appropriate branch, such as devspaces-3.x-rhel-8. It is essential to have correct tags and references to the images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build the devfile registry for use with a specific Dev Spaces 3.yy version, it is necessary to check out the  appropriate devspaces-3.yy-rhel-8 branch. This will ensure the build contains the correct tags and references to the images.
```
